Mobile
RSS
12 cameras
read land marks under dark/tunnels conditions

calculate relative speed
distance to front car
middle lane cross warning
headway monitoring and warnning
pedestrian collision wearning
intelligent high beam control
detect oncoming traffic
speed limit indication
mobile collision avoidance system
forward collision warning
lane departure warning
activated with a certain speed threshold

mobileye630 honda crv

camreras plus a controller

monocular depth for hazard detection
multi-view monocular 3d reconstruction
semantic segmentation/ freespace
motion prediction
customer-friendly 3d drone view

perceive + decision

perception + action

revolutionlize transportation as a servie
revolutionlize personal car ownership and utility

driver present  OR   no driver present

volume preduction

perceptionn: hot to reach surpass human-level accureacy

perceptual mistake-----> accident


Action: what tradeoffs between safety and usefullness can be guaranteed

Scale: how to enable " everywhere" autonomous driving?

solution" breakton the MTBF into independent sub systems
example:
     subsystem 1: surround cameras
     subsystem 2: other sensors
     
camera-based perception:
    bounding-boxed pattern recognition: road users, traffic signs, traffic lights, pavement markings...

Dense 3D measurements: plane+ parallax, long base-line multiview
      Road profile, hazards, generals objjects, Depth

Drivable Paths: delimiters ( road-edge, curbs), surface sgementtation , lane semnantics

Behavioral patterns: where are road users going tyo be next, predict traffic

1. Architecture NN topology
2. problem modelling : hosw is the output layer reprresneted?
3. Traing loss function: data going into trainng loss need not be the same as data during inference
4. Ground truth data for traingi and validation: " photo-realistic" simulators enable rapid prototuyping . Produciton worthy systems must be trainied and validated on real data


detect open-doors

road bump cannot be detected from single frame texture

ParallaaxNet
   1. Unsupervised leanring of geometry from monocular video, using plane + parallax formulation
   2. The goal: 3D representation for each pixel
 
 
 Driving policy challenge
     1. Do we allow an accident due to a " lpse of judgement" of driving policy?
     2. SHould the occurence of " lapse of judgement" be measured statistically?
     -----safety is technologiucal layer living outside of machine learning. it is like " ethics" in AI --a set of rules
     It all boils down to a formal definition of " what it means to be careful"
 
 RSS a mathematical model , formalizeing a " common sense" interpretation of whtat is means to drive safe
 
 RSS: Reinforcement learning, Semanti Space, " Self Play" ,e.g. AlphaGO-0
 
a.   Strategy: long term Semantic decision /planning, e.g. change lane, overtake
b.   Tactics: short term semantic decision /planning, e.g. how when to overtake, give ,take way
c.   Path PLanning: plan the Trajectory to execute the Tactics decision
d.   Control: machine learning and classical control low level throtte and torque control
 
     8 long range cameras

color codes to mark surrouning cars

HD map


mobileye 560
    software installation
    vehicle database
    online database
    
 
 
 
  
 
